🚧Update org contribution doc (#47)
KinsonDigital/.github: docs/HowToFork.md

<h2 style="border:0;font-weight:bold" align="center">How to Fork the Repository</h2>

### **1. Fork the repository**

> First, fork the repository.

Reviewer: Remove this line, it's repetitive
```suggestion
First, fork the repository.
```

> **Note**
> For more information on how to fork a repository, go [here](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo).

### **2. Clone the forked repository**

> Clone the forked repository to your machine.

Reviewer: Remove this line, it's repetitive 
```suggestion
Clone the forked repository to your machine.
```

> > **Note** Swap `johndoe` with your username and `myproject` with the name of the project to clone.

Reviewer: Reword
```suggestion
> **Note** When cloning the repo to your machine, be sure to swap `johndoe` with your username and `myproject` with the name of the project to clone.
```

   ```cli
   git clone https://github.com/johndoe/myproject.git
   cd myproject
   git remote add upstream https://github.com/KinsonDigital/myproject.git
   ```

### **3. Let GIT know who you are**

> To better track changes and who does what, it's a good practice to give GIT some information about yourself.

Reviewer: Reword
```suggestion
To better track changes and know who did what, it's good practice to give GIT some information about yourself.
```
